Update installation.md (#40)
AmberELEC/website: docs/installation.md

#### OSX

> The [balenaEtcher](https://www.balena.io/etcher/) for OS X shoudl work fine. You may have success with the [rpi-imager](https://github.com/raspberrypi/rpi-imager).

Author: ```suggestion
The [balenaEtcher](https://www.balena.io/etcher/) for OS X should work fine. You may also have success with [rpi-imager](https://github.com/raspberrypi/rpi-imager).
```
